docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: cv
title: Landon Hallmark's Resume
---
# Landon Hallmark


<div id="webaddress">
<a href="landonhallmark@gmail.com">landonhallmark@gmail.com</a>
|  <a href="www.linkedin.com/in/landonhallmark">LinkedIn</a>
| <a href="https://github.com/landonhallmark">GitHub</a>
</div>

<!-- https://www.monique.tech/the-art-of-markdown -->

## Education

`Expected 2021`
__Brigham Young University - Idaho__, Rexburg, ID

- Major: Economics
- Minor: Data Science
- 3.99  GPA


## Related Experience

### Full-Time Volunteer Representative
`March 2016 - March 2018`
__The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints__, Sacramento, CA

- Worked as a self-motivated volunteer for 90 hours a week 
- Spoke to and taught large groups and small groups multiple times a week
- Managed and led groups of up to 25 other volunteers
- Liason between senior management and the other volunteers

### Youth Counselor

`May 2019 - August 2019`
__Especially For Youth__, Provo, UT

- Organized and managed groups of up to 34 teenagers for 15+ hours a day
- Communicated expectations to participants and helped them achieve them 
- Resolved conflicts among participants and guided them to help improve

### Sales Representative

`June 2018 – September 2018`
__Phenom Pest Protection__, Columbia, MD

- Worked 10-12 hours a day to contact people door to door to sell the product
- Learned to overcome rejections and be persistent
- Generated $47,000 of revenue for the company


## Skills/Awards

__Eagle Scout__, 2015

__Proficient in Programing Lanugages__
(R, Python, Excel)



<!-- ### Footer

Last updated: May 2013 -->

Commit message:

lets see if this works

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: cv
title: Landon Hallmark's Resume
---
# Landon Hallmark


<div id="webaddress">
<a href="landonhallmark@gmail.com">landonhallmark@gmail.com</a>
|  <a href="www.linkedin.com/in/landonhallmark">LinkedIn</a>
| <a href="https://github.com/landonhallmark">GitHub</a>
</div>

<!-- https://www.monique.tech/the-art-of-markdown -->

## Education

be specific about what month your graduating
`Expected 2021`
__Brigham Young University - Idaho__
 Rexburg, ID

- Major: Economics
- Minor: Data Science
Dont bring up your GPA unless they ask

__Proficient in Programing Lanugages__
SQL IS ANOTHER LANGUAGE
(R, Python, SQL, Excel)

ALWAYS PUT YOUR MOST RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE TOWARDS THE TOP

`June 2018 – September 2018`
__Phenom Pest Protection__
Columbia, MD

Use this as a template

- Purpose (blah blah blah)

- Tools used (blah blah blah)

- Benefits/Results/Deliverables (blah blah blah)

- Worked 10-12 hours a day to contact people door to door to sell the product
- Learned to overcome rejections and be persistent
- Generated $47,000 of revenue for the company

### Full-Time Volunteer Representative

`March 2016 - March 2018`
__The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints__
 Sacramento, CA

- Worked as a self-motivated volunteer for 90 hours a week 
- Spoke to and taught large groups and small groups multiple times a week
- Managed and led groups of up to 25 other volunteers
- Liason between senior management and the other volunteers

### Youth Counselor

`May 2019 - August 2019`
__Especially For Youth__
Provo, UT

- Organized and managed groups of up to 34 teenagers for 15+ hours a day
- Communicated expectations to participants and helped them achieve them 
- Resolved conflicts among participants and guided them to help improve




## Skills/Awards

__Eagle Scout__, 2015





<!-- ### Footer

Last updated: May 2013 -->
